(docs) Update README.md (#110)
fivetran/fivetran_partner_sdk: README.md

We’ll review these docs and our Tech Writing team will edit for grammar and style, sending back to your team (TBD on automation) to keep in sync. The documentation is to be hosted in [Fivetran's documentation site](https://fivetran.com/docs/getting-started).

### How do we go-to-market?

> When you are confident your connector is working we will deploy it into production marked as 'in dev' - during this phase it is hidden to mutual customers however you will be able to setup and run final end-2-end tests. This is also when its important to submit and finalize your documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are confident your connector is working, we will deploy it into production marked as `in dev`. During this phase, it is hidden from mutual customers; however, you will be able to set up and run final end-to-end tests. This is also the time to submit and finalise your documentation.
```

> When you are confortable all functionality is working correctly you can request to promote your connector to Private Preview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you are comfortable that all functionality is working correctly, you can request to promote your connector to Private Preview.
```

> Our partner build connectors follow Fivetran's standard [Release phases](https://fivetran.com/docs/core-concepts#releasephases)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our partner-built connectors follow Fivetran's standard [Release phases](https://fivetran.com/docs/core-concepts#releasephases)
```

> When you are confident your connector is ready please request us to promote it. Source connectors are must be promoted to Beta within 6 months of entering Private Preview. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are confident your connector is ready, please request us to promote it. Source connectors must be promoted to Beta within six months of entering Private Preview.
```

> When you are confident your connector is ready please request us to promote it. Source connectors are must be promoted to Beta within 6 months of entering Private Preview. 

Reviewer: @alsnkline, what about the destination connector? No strict timeline there?

Reviewer: Destinations are in PP due to schema migrations
